In this video I'll demonstrate how to import a virtual appliance and have it run on one of our ESX hosts.
So I'm just going to grab this first hosts here and I will right click and I'm going to choose deploy
OVL template and now I just have to browse to wherever I've stored this virtual appliance.
Right.
I may just browse to my vendors you Arel and grab the virtual appliance from there.
Or I may have downloaded a virtual appliance and stored it directly on my computer.
So let's do that I'm going to go local file and I'm going to hit browse.
And here I see I've got an OVL file that I can import so I'm going to go out and grab this and I'll
open and next and what it's going to do is it's going to use those files that OVL files is basically
a complete virtual machine right now with an OVL.
You might actually have multiple files associated with that via.
In that case you need to select all of those files.
If you're dealing with an old vi a that's a single file format so it's only one file to grab.
But call this VM demo Rick Creasey Oh we have.
This is a virtual machine that I'm going to deploy from my OVL template.
I'll pick an ESX host for it to run on.
I'll pick a data store to store it on and it's going to give me the details of the V.F..
Right so what essentially the V.F. is is a pre-built preconfigured a virtual machine.
It's got settings like how many virtual C.P. use and how much memory and all of that sort of stuff.
I'll show me the vendor right.
This happens to be a V Center server appliance so it'll show me the vendor.
It will wow me to accept any licensing agreements that they've put in there.
I'll go ahead and accept those.
Next I'm going to do a tiny V Center and these options are all dependent on the type of app that you're
deploying.
Right.
So some of the stuff you're seeing here is specific to the center.
I'm going to do a thin provisioned virtual desk I'm going to put it on my big data store and I'm going
to connect my virtual Piet's to some networks.
I'm just going to drop it in an isolated network here.
And that's really about it.
Right now I've got some other options I can set up like do I want to change.
Do I want to choose the customer improvement program from VM Where do I want to change the networking
configuration all the IP addresses all that sort of stuff.
Right.
So I should go ahead and configure those options.
I was just going to kind of gloss over those for the purposes of this recording but depending on what
type of virtual appliance you're going to configure right different vendors will have different options
for different virtual appliances.
So I'll just go ahead and hit Next here and finish.
And what it's going to do is it's going to pull that over Yeff template into my data store and deploy
a new virtual machine based on it.
And look at how quickly that happened.
So now if I wanted to I can go ahead and power this VM on and make it work.
But when I'm actually going to do in this case since I do not want this virtual machine I'm going to
wait for this to finish.
It's still in the process of being deployed and once it's done I'm just going to delete it from desk.